## Each index is a sequence followed by a 3 word phrase: region_size_direction
## This file is portions of AmpR. It became evident that the library had some contamination at the time of sequencing and that it came from a vector. I have utilized the same nomenclature "helical" "variable" and "step" to not have to re-write the search program yet.
## "helical" portions of AmpR
atgagtattcaacatttccgtgtcgcccttattcccttttttgcggcatt  helical_00_fwd
ttgccttcctgtttttgctcacccagaaacgctggtgaaagtaaaagatg  helical_01_fwd
ctgaagatcagttgggtgcacgagtgggttacatcgaactggatctcaac  helical_02_fwd
agcggtaagatccttgagagttttcgccccgaagaacgttttccaatgat  helical_03_fwd
gagcacttttaaagttctgctatgtggcgcggtattatcccgtgttgacg  helical_04_fwd
ccgggcaagagcaactcggtcgccgcatacactattctcagaatgacttg  helical_05_fwd
gttgagtactcaccagtcacagaaaagcatcttacggatggcatgacagt  helical_06_fwd
aagagaattatgcagtgctgccataaccatgagtgataacactgcggcca  helical_07_fwd
acttacttctgacaacgatcggaggaccgaaggagctaaccgcttttttg  helical_08_fwd
cacaacatgggggatcatgtaactcgccttgatcgttgggaaccggagct  helical_09_fwd
gaatgaagccataccaaacgacgagcgtgacaccacgatgcctgcagcaa  helical_10_fwd
tggcaacaacgttgcgcaaactattaactggcgaactacttactctagct  helical_11_fwd
tcccggcaacaattaatagactggatggaggcggataaagttgcaggacc  helical_12_fwd
acttctgcgctcggcccttccggctggctggtttattgctgataaatctg  helical_13_fwd
gagccggtgagcgtgggtctcgcggtatcattgcagcactggggccagat  helical_14_fwd
ggtaagccctcccgtatcgtagttatctacacgacggggagtcaggcaac  helical_15_fwd
tatggatgaacgaaatagacagatcgctgagataggtgcctcactgatta  helical_16_fwd
agcattggtaa  helical_17_fwd
ttaccaatgcttaatcagtgaggcacctatctcagcgatctgtctatttc  helical_00_rev
gttcatccatagttgcctgactccccgtcgtgtagataactacgatacgg  helical_01_rev
gagggcttaccatctggccccagtgctgcaatgataccgcgagacccacg  helical_02_rev
ctcaccggctccagatttatcagcaataaaccagccagccggaagggccg  helical_03_rev
agcgcagaagtggtcctgcaactttatccgcctccatccagtctattaat  helical_04_rev
tgttgccgggaagctagagtaagtagttcgccagttaatagtttgcgcaa  helical_05_rev
cgttgttgccattgctgcaggcatcgtggtgtcacgctcgtcgtttggta  helical_06_rev
tggcttcattcagctccggttcccaacgatcaaggcgagttacatgatcc  helical_07_rev
cccatgttgtgcaaaaaagcggttagctccttcggtcctccgatcgttgt  helical_08_rev
cagaagtaagttggccgcagtgttatcactcatggttatggcagcactgc  helical_09_rev
ataattctcttactgtcatgccatccgtaagatgcttttctgtgactggt  helical_10_rev
gagtactcaaccaagtcattctgagaatagtgtatgcggcgaccgagttg  helical_11_rev
ctcttgcccggcgtcaacacgggataataccgcgccacatagcagaactt  helical_12_rev
taaaagtgctcatcattggaaaacgttcttcggggcgaaaactctcaagg  helical_13_rev
atcttaccgctgttgagatccagttcgatgtaacccactcgtgcacccaa  helical_14_rev
ctgatcttcagcatcttttactttcaccagcgtttctgggtgagcaaaaa  helical_15_rev
caggaaggcaaaatgccgcaaaaaagggaataagggcgacacggaaatgt  helical_16_rev
tgaatactcat  helical_17_rev
## "stepcyc" is F1 origin
GCGCCCTGTAGCGGCGCATTAAGCGCGGCGGGTGTGGTGGTTACGCGCAG  stepcyc_00_fwd
CGTGACCGCTACACTTGCCAGCGCCCTAGCGCCCGCTCCTTTCGCTTTCT  stepcyc_01_fwd
TCCCTTCCTTTCTCGCCACGTTCGCCGGCTTTCCCCGTCAAGCTCTAAAT  stepcyc_02_fwd
CGGGGGCTCCCTTTAGGGTTCCGATTTAGTGCTTTACGGCACCTCGACCC  stepcyc_03_fwd
CAAAAAACTTGATTAGGGTGATGGTTCACGTAGTGGGCCATCGCCCTGAT  stepcyc_04_fwd
AGACGGTTTTTCGCCCTTTGACGTTGGAGTCCACGTTCTTTAATAGTGGA  stepcyc_05_fwd
CTCTTGTTCCAAACTGGAACAACACTCAACCCTATCTCGGTCTATTCTTT  stepcyc_06_fwd
TGATTTATAAGGGATTTTGCCGATTTCGGCCTATTGGTTAAAAAATGAGC  stepcyc_07_fwd
TGATTTAACAAAAATTTAACGCGAATTA  stepcyc_08_fwd
TAATTCGCGTTAAATTTTTGTTAAATCAGCTCATTTTTTAACCAATAGGC  stepcyc_00_rev
CGAAATCGGCAAAATCCCTTATAAATCAAAAGAATAGACCGAGATAGGGT  stepcyc_01_rev
TGAGTGTTGTTCCAGTTTGGAACAAGAGTCCACTATTAAAGAACGTGGAC  stepcyc_02_rev
TCCAACGTCAAAGGGCGAAAAACCGTCTATCAGGGCGATGGCCCACTACG  stepcyc_03_rev
TGAACCATCACCCTAATCAAGTTTTTTGGGGTCGAGGTGCCGTAAAGCAC  stepcyc_04_rev
TAAATCGGAACCCTAAAGGGAGCCCCCGATTTAGAGCTTGACGGGGAAAG  stepcyc_05_rev
CCGGCGAACGTGGCGAGAAAGGAAGGGAAGAAAGCGAAAGGAGCGGGCGC  stepcyc_06_rev
TAGGGCGCTGGCAAGTGTAGCGGTCACGCTGCGCGTAACCACCACACCCG  stepcyc_07_rev
CCGCGCTTAATGCGCCGCTACAGGGCGC  stepcyc_08_rev
## "stepsynth" is pUC origin
tgagcaaaaggccagcaaaaggccagggaccgtaaaaaggccgcgttgct  stepsynth_00_fwd
ggcgtttttccataggctccgcccccctgacgagcatcacaaaaatcgac  stepsynth_01_fwd
gctcaagtcagaggtggcgaaacccgacaggactataaagataccaggcg  stepsynth_02_fwd
tttccccctggaagctccctcgtgcgctctcctgttccgaccctgccgct  stepsynth_03_fwd
taccggatacctgtccgcctttctcccttcgggaagcgtggcgctttctc  stepsynth_04_fwd
atagctcacgctgtaggtatctcagttcggtgtaggtcgttcgctccaag  stepsynth_05_fwd
ctgggctgtgtgcacgaaccccccgttcagcccgaccgctgcgccttatc  stepsynth_06_fwd
cggtaactatcgtcttgagtccaacccggtaagacacgacttatcgccac  stepsynth_07_fwd
tggcagcagccactggtaacaggattagcagagcgaggtatgtaggcggt  stepsynth_08_fwd
gctacagagttcttgaagtggtggcctaactacggctacactagaagaac  stepsynth_09_fwd
agtatttggtatctgcgctctgctgaagccagttaccttcggaaaaagag  stepsynth_10_fwd
ttggtagctcttgatccggcaaacaaaccaccgctggtagcggtggtttt  stepsynth_11_fwd
tttgtttgcaagcagcagattacgcgcagaaaaaaaggatctcaagaaga  stepsynth_12_fwd
tcctttgatcttttctac  stepsynth_13_fwd
gtagaaaagatcaaaggatcttcttgagatcctttttttctgcgcgtaat  stepsynth_00_rev
ctgctgcttgcaaacaaaaaaaccaccgctaccagcggtggtttgtttgc  stepsynth_01_rev
cggatcaagagctaccaactctttttccgaaggtaactggcttcagcaga  stepsynth_02_rev
gcgcagataccaaatactgttcttctagtgtagccgtagttaggccacca  stepsynth_03_rev
cttcaagaactctgtagcaccgcctacatacctcgctctgctaatcctgt  stepsynth_04_rev
taccagtggctgctgccagtggcgataagtcgtgtcttaccgggttggac  stepsynth_05_rev
tcaagacgatagttaccggataaggcgcagcggtcgggctgaacgggggg  stepsynth_06_rev
ttcgtgcacacagcccagcttggagcgaacgacctacaccgaactgagat  stepsynth_07_rev
acctacagcgtgagctatgagaaagcgccacgcttcccgaagggagaaag  stepsynth_08_rev
gcggacaggtatccggtaagcggcagggtcggaacaggagagcgcacgag  stepsynth_09_rev
ggagcttccagggggaaacgcctggtatctttatagtcctgtcgggtttc  stepsynth_10_rev
gccacctctgacttgagcgtcgatttttgtgatgctcgtcaggggggcgg  stepsynth_11_rev
agcctatggaaaaacgccagcaacgcggcctttttacggtccctggcctt  stepsynth_12_rev
ttgctggccttttgctca  stepsynth_13_rev
## "variable" is different things
## 00 is lac
## 01 is M13-rev
## 02 is M13-fwd
aacatacgagccggaagcataaagtgtaaa  variable_00_fwd
catggtcatagctgtttcctg  variable_01_fwd
tgtaaaacgacggccagt  variable_02_fwd
tttacactttatgcttccggctcgtatgtt  variable_00_rev
caggaaacagctatgaccatg  variable_01_rev
actggccgtcgttttaca  variable_02_rev
